Let's go ahead and set up a room database in our project.
First thing, of course, we need to do is to go to our dependencies again.
This is where we get all the dependencies are needed so we can access the library room oak room database.
I'm going to start with the project are Gradle, and here I'm going to add version I such and the recording
of this.
And at this point, the version is two three two zero.
Remember these change, and so be aware of that.
Let's go back to our app module second one.
And what I usually like to do is, again, I'm going to say a room like this just so I know where we
are putting all of its dependencies for room.
Now how do I know where to start or what dependencies do I need for a room?
Well, we go back to our developer that Andrew.
Com And he can go.
I already have these from previous, right?
So we're putting together the hilt injection dependency injection.
You can actually go here and search.
I'm going to say room database just because that one.
OK, there we go.
And usually here you can see it tells us as of as of this date to that 3.0, that is the current stable
release, OK?
And here it will give you exactly what we need, which indeed is is a dependency for room.
So the first thing we need to add here is going to be the implementation these two.
So I'm going to copy these.
Go back now, remember, we go to our module build.gradle at there.
I'm going to paste all of that there, OK?
And it all works out because we have room version that I've created or earlier.
Let me get rid of all of these below grade or that app.
We said room version and to that 3.0.
OK, so we have this variable per se that it's being used here.
OK, there we go.
Let's see if there's anything else we need.
OK, so there we go.
That should be good.
Now there are a few other dependencies that I'm going to paste and add them here.
These are co-writing.
We'll talk about quarantines and we'll see the power of quarantine.
So these will allow us to do things like running processes outside of main thread, creating different
threads and so forth.
So this is going to be very helpful.
So all what these are.
And by the way, you're going to have access to all of these because this code is going to be hosted.
You have access to this code and I will encourage you to actually go to the code and open the building
Gradle.
So you have exactly what I have here.
So it's essentially here, as you can see six core proteins core for Kotlin.
Well, so let's go ahead and sync.
All right.
It looks like everything went well.
And again, please remember, by the time you're watching this video, these versions will be different,
most likely.
And so you will probably get something like a yellow squiggly line.
If you click on that, you can see you have this light bulb.
That means you can change to the newer version.
OK, it's going to be with all of this, so be aware of that and change to that newer version.
All right.
So everything seems to be fine.